You all kneel down for me
Do you hear me?
Didn't you hear what Xiaoyao said?
Kneel down and say you two idiots
Master Xiao, what do you mean?
Don't let them kneel?
Oops, I kneel down
Did you know
Who are you offending?
This is the Blue Phoenix of Xuantian Temple
Yunyun Prefecture is full of peak blue phoenixes
Mr. Lan, I'm sorry
I didn't know it was you
Good blue lord
I was wrong, Lan Zhan Lan Feng.
Why are you sorry?
Sir, I'm sorry
I have no eyes
I have eyeballs.
The stinky man forgives me and admits his mistake
bully
Dogs look down on people
If I'm not here today
How do you want to bully people
How does the division of labor want to deal with it?
I just got famous, it's just a lift of the hand
Migrant workers here are also
How can I help them here?
You are the parents of migrant workers
It's all dubbing.
Even if I am the parent official
I still need to hear your opinion on this matter.
Again
You don't need to say more about buying the Bluetooth of Changhe Hospital.
I believe you can handle it fairly.
Well, in that case
Then Mr. Ilu
You humiliated Mr. Lu before, but you said it
If Mr. Lu can afford the bag in the store
Just kneel down and call his father